Update README.md (#45)
DAGWorks-Inc/burr: README.md

## What is Burr?

Burr is a way to express a state machine (i.e. a graph/flowchart) for data/AI projects. You can (and should!) use it for anything where managing state can be hard. Hint: managing state
is always hard! Like in a RAG chat application, or if you're doing hyperparameter tuning, or a trading simulation.

Link to [documentation](https://burr.dagworks.io/). Quick video intro [here](https://www.loom.com/share/8a92474bb7574d6eb4cd25c21913adf2).

Burr is:
1. A (dependency-free) low abstraction python library that enables you to build and manage state machines with simple python functions

> 2. It optionally comes with a UI to view execution telemetry for introspection and debugging

Author: ```suggestion
2. It comes with a UI you can use view execution telemetry for introspection and debugging
```

> 2. It optionally comes with a server to view execution telemetry for introspection and debugging

Author: ```suggestion
2. It optionally comes with a UI to view execution telemetry for introspection and debugging
```

> 2. It optionally, comes with a server to view execution telemetry for introspection and debugging

Reviewer: Remove comma after "optionally"

Author: ```suggestion
2. It optionally comes with a server to view execution telemetry for introspection and debugging
```

And a lot more!

Using hooks and other integrations you can (a) integrate with any of your favorite vendors (LLM observability, storage, etc...), and

> (b) build custom actions that delegate to your favorite libraries like [Hamilton](github.com/DAGWorks-Inc/hamilton).

Reviewer: (like hamilton) -- in parens

> (b) build custom actions that delegate to your favorite libraries like [Hamilton](github.com/DAGWorks-Inc/hamilton).

Author: ```suggestion
(b) build custom actions that delegate to your favorite libraries (like [Hamilton](github.com/DAGWorks-Inc/hamilton)).
```

## Why the name Burr?

Burr is named after [Aaron Burr](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aaron_Burr), founding father, third VP of the United States, and murderer/arch-nemesis of [Alexander Hamilton](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alexander_Hamilton).

> In our version of things here, we imagine a world in which Burr and Hamilton lived in harmony and saw through their differences and thus were happy to work together. We originally

Reviewer: "In our version of things here" -- unecessary verbosity -- implied by "we imagine"

> built Burr as a _harness_ to handle state between executions of Hamilton DAGs (because DAGs don't have cycles), 

Reviewer: Don't need to mention DAGs + cycles its confusing. DAGs don't carry state.

## Why the name Burr?

Burr is named after [Aaron Burr](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aaron_Burr), founding father, third VP of the United States, and murderer/arch-nemesis of [Alexander Hamilton](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alexander_Hamilton).
What's the connection with Hamilton? This is [DAGWorks](www.dagworks.io)' second open-source library release after the [Hamilton library](https://github.com/dagworks-inc/hamilton)

> In our version of things here, we imagine a world in which Burr and Hamilton lived in harmony and saw through their differences and thus were happy to work together. We originally

Author: ```suggestion
Here we imagine a world in which Burr and Hamilton lived in harmony and saw through their differences and thus were happy to work together. We originally
```
